README.md, before:

Welcome to the GitHub repository of the [Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia](http://www.csb.gov.lv/en)!


# R Packages

[![Mentioned in Awesome Official Statistics ](https://awesome.re/mentioned-badge.svg)](http://www.awesomeofficialstatistics.org)

R packages developed by the Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia:

- [vardpoor](https://csblatvia.github.io/vardpoor/) [![CRAN version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/vardpoor "CRAN version")](https://cran.r-project.org/package=vardpoor)
- [surveyplanning](https://csblatvia.github.io/surveyplanning/) [![CRAN version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/surveyplanning "CRAN version")](https://cran.r-project.org/package=surveyplanning)
- [surveyweighting](https://csblatvia.github.io/surveyweighting/) [![CRAN version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/surveyweighting "CRAN version")](https://cran.r-project.org/package=surveyweighting)



# Statistics and Data

- [Statistics webpage](https://www.csb.gov.lv/en/statistics)
- [Statistics database](http://data.csb.gov.lv/pxweb/en/)
- [Data visualisation tools](https://www.csb.gov.lv/en/statistika/datu-vizualizacijas-riki)
- [Open data](https://data.gov.lv/dati/eng/dataset?organization=csb)


# Contacts

- [About the organisation](https://www.csb.gov.lv/en/about-us/contacts-and-information-for-media/about-organisation)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/csb_latvia)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/csplatvija)
- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR194vmkemvORsqlXO1JJtw)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/central-statistical-bureau-of-latvia/)

Commit message:

Build status added. URL update.

README.md, after:

Welcome to the GitHub repository of the [Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia](https://www.csp.gov.lv/en)!


# R Packages

[![Mentioned in Awesome Official Statistics ](https://awesome.re/mentioned-badge.svg)](http://www.awesomeofficialstatistics.org)

R packages developed by the Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia:

- [vardpoor](https://csblatvia.github.io/vardpoor/)
    - [![CRAN version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/vardpoor "CRAN version")](https://cran.r-project.org/package=vardpoor)
    - [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/CSBLatvia/vardpoor.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/CSBLatvia/vardpoor)
- [surveyplanning](https://csblatvia.github.io/surveyplanning/)
    - [![CRAN version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/surveyplanning "CRAN version")](https://cran.r-project.org/package=surveyplanning)
    - [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/CSBLatvia/surveyplanning.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/CSBLatvia/surveyplanning)
- [surveyweighting](https://csblatvia.github.io/surveyweighting/)
    - [![CRAN version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/surveyweighting "CRAN version")](https://cran.r-project.org/package=surveyweighting)
    - [![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/CSBLatvia/surveyweighting.svg?branch=master)](https://app.travis-ci.com/CSBLatvia/surveyweighting)



# Statistics and Data

- [Official statistics portal](https://stat.gov.lv/en)
- [Official statistics database](https://data.stat.gov.lv/pxweb/en/)
- [Maps](https://geo.stat.gov.lv/stage2/#lang=en)
- [Open data](https://data.gov.lv/dati/eng/dataset?organization=csb)


# Contacts

- [Contacts](https://www.csp.gov.lv/en/contacts-authority)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/csb_latvia)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/csplatvija)
- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR194vmkemvORsqlXO1JJtw)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/central-statistical-bureau-of-latvia/)
